# CS-340-Dashboard

### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
Following best practices is a sure way to make sure that the code is maintainable, readable, and adaptable. In my opinion it is also a good idea to ensure that methods and classes if possible are as general as possible so that they can be reused for other functions or features. A huge advantage to using the CRUD python module as we did in this course is that we didn't have to keep rewriting queries every week. Once the module was finished we were able to use it for several different assignments and its' reusability was amazing.

### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scienctist I broke down the requirements into smaller pieces making the whole project a lot more manageable. I had to change how I did things for this project as this project was solving an actual real world problem. I needed to ensure that all of the data was being counted correctly and that the interactive map was properly showing the correct coordinates.

### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists create solutions to their problems by using algorithms and various software development techniques. In Grazioso's case their ability to find potential dog candidates to help their search and rescue efforts grew exponentially with the new application created during this class. Additionally, other companies that are doing something similar where they use a lot of man power to do a task that a well designed application could do more efficiently would be of great value to them.
